Welcome to the podcast for Perdido Bay Methodist Church. Today is.
February the 5th, Thursday. I'm so glad that you're joining us. My name is Dudley and I have a special guest with me today. Hello, I'm Morgan.
I'm Morgan Tai and I'm a family starter. So you guys are hearing a conversation between me and one of my daughters, Morgan.
Our reading is Matthew 11, and we're just going to kind of...
talk it over a little bit. We're going to kind of go to a certain part of Matthew 11. We're going to start with verse 28. Read the whole chapter. It is very good. But
We're going to go with the last part, and in verse 28 it says, Come to me.
This is Jesus talking. Come to me, all who are weary.
and heavy laden
and i will give you rest.
Take my yoke.
Upon you, and learn from me.
For I am gentle,
And humble in heart.
You will find rest for your souls.
For my yoke is easy.
and my burden is light. Such a good word. When I read this, what does it make you think of, Morgan? I mean, what are a few things that pop in your mind?
I mean, that is such a relevant passage back then and also today. People are walking in busyness and full of burdens and...
And Jesus really opens up an invitation to follow him and seek rest in him. Yeah, well, even driving down the road.
There's a lot of interaction and it can be a burden uh just interacting with with everybody a lot of times it's great but sometimes it can be a challenge uh sometimes
Sometimes there's a challenge in school or at work or in relationships. But Jesus is saying,
Oh, man.
You know, you will find rest for your souls with me. Right.
There's this word, though, that's kind of unusual. Did a word jump out at you? Yes. One that we probably don't hear about much in our culture. And you might have thought first of it.
First of an egg, but it's white. I don't know how to have it before. Y-O-K-E, yolk. Yeah, the yolk.
So I looked this up in a yoke. Um,
is...
What would go on two animals, like an oxen pair, and they would either pull a wagon or they would pull a plow and and dig up the earth, and.
And it was two of them pulling together and.
The oxen would bring the harvest, and Jesus starts saying, My yoke is easy, and immediately I picture.
Jesus and me
And others who follow him with him
And working together along with him, which is very interesting, to bring the harvest, God's harvest. And one thing I looked up about it was said that a lot of
A lot of times a more experienced animal is
Would
be paired with a younger
Animal even so the younger would learn and grow by the yoke
being yoked with
The.
more experience.
animal that knew what to do and that that makes me think of Jesus and that makes me think of me and I know that I'm not the one that knows what to do but we are co-laborers with
with Christ. He's the one that knows. I thought that was pretty interesting.
Another thing about the yolk
Um,
Back in that day, a rabbi
Or one who discipled others, their teaching.
Was kind of nicknamed a yoke so they are doing a work and they're discipling others
And they have a lesser experienced one with them, and they are the one that is leading them into the relationship with Christ. But they're also
Um,
They're doing work and bringing the harvest. And Jesus is saying,
The work that we do is eternal, and.
Look.
My yoke is easy.
Mm-hmm.
My burden is light. That doesn't mean we don't work. Right.
But it means we're not alone. We're not, we don't know what to do. We're not responsible for all this spiritual transformation. So I don't know what else does it make you think?
you think of.
I mean,
we can sometimes think of our religious duty as something that is heavy and jesus says that his burden is light. it's not something that we're meant to be.
We're meant to carry. Jesus can carry it. And we'll walk with him. Yeah.
Yes, I like that. The relationship seems to be
the goal and the most important thing. You know how it is when you sit down
With a frown that,
you know, maybe you have an ongoing coffee or a lunch date with or something.
um, being with that friend.
There's nothing else like that relationship.
And,
I don't know I love that and I'm learning and growing in
doing that.
With the Lord through through prayer time and through quiet times for devotion, or reading about him,
I'm trying to learn to then pause.
And,
um in uh be in that relationship in the moment and talk to him maybe about what I read or maybe about what was prayed or something I don't know to be
It's the relationship because he came first.
to reunite us in relationship with the Father. - Right. I see you connecting that, like slow down and have coffee with a friend.
Um, and that makes me think I'm,
Why do we rush through our Bible reading whenever we slow down and see Jesus as a friend and really take pause in that moment?
Yeah, no, I think that is a good word.
Well, I'll tell you what, everyone. thanks so much for listening and and be encouraged. Ah, you are not alone. Ah, we are in this with the Lord.
Lord, He is helping us. We're growing, we're walking with Him, and we have one another. We're
We...
grow
Because of our interactions and our encouragements and even our corrections with one another to help us
Along this journey as we go through and plant seeds
for the kingdom as God brings the harvest.
Thanks so much for joining us. Hope you have a blessed day.
Bye bye!